Restructure `workflows` docs (#587)
roboflow/inference: docs/workflows/create_workflow_block.md

> # Creating Workflow block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating Workflow blocks
```

Author: 👍

> Workflows blocks development is the process that requires understanding of 
> Workflow Ecosystem. Before diving deep in the details, let's summarise the 
> knowledge that would be required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows blocks development requires an understanding of the
Workflow Ecosystem. Before diving deeper into the details, let's summarize the 
required knowledge:
```

Author: 👍

Understanding of [Workflow execution](/workflows/workflow_execution/), in particular:
    
* what is the relation of Workflow blocks and steps in Workflow definition

* how Workflow blocks and their manifests are used by [Workflows Compiler](/workflows/workflows_compiler/)

* what is the `dimensionality level` of batch-oriented data passing through Workflow

> * how [Execution Engine](/workflows/workflows_execution_engine/) interact with step, regarding 

Reviewer 2: `interact` -> `interacts`

Author: 👍

> * how [Execution Engine](/workflows/workflows_execution_engine/) interact with step, regarding 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* how the [Execution Engine](/workflows/workflows_execution_engine/) interacts with step, regarding 
```

Author: :+1

its inputs and outputs

* what is the nature and role of [Workflow `kinds`](/workflows/kinds/)

> * understands how [`pydantic`](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/) works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* understanding how [`pydantic`](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/) works
```

Author: 👍

## Prototypes

To create a Workflow block you need some amount of imports from the core of Workflows library.
Here is the list of imports that you may find useful while creating a block:

```python
from inference.core.workflows.execution_engine.entities.base import (
    Batch,  # batches of data will come in Batch[X] containers
    OutputDefinition,  # class used to declare outputs in your manifest
    WorkflowImageData,  # internal representation of image
    # - use whenever your input kind is image
)

from inference.core.workflows.prototypes.block import (
    BlockResult,  # type alias for result of `run(...)` method
    WorkflowBlock,  # base class for your block
    WorkflowBlockManifest,  # base class for block manifest
)

from inference.core.workflows.execution_engine.entities.types import *  
# module with `kinds` from the core library
```

The most important are:

* `WorkflowBlock` - base class for your block

* `WorkflowBlockManifest` - base class for block manifest

## Block manifest

> A manifest is a crucial component of a Workflow block that defines a prototype 
> for step declaration that can be placed in Workflow definition to use the block. 
> In particular it: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A manifest is a crucial component of a Workflow block that defines a prototype 
for step declaration that can be placed in a Workflow definition to use the block. 
In particular it: 
```

* **Defines Data Bindings:** It specifies which fields in the manifest are selectors for data flowing through 
the workflow during execution and indicates their kinds.

* **Describes Block Outputs:** It outlines the outputs that the block will produce.

* **Specifies Dimensionality:** It details the properties related to input and output dimensionality.

* **Indicates Batch Inputs and Empty Values:** It informs the Execution Engine whether the step accepts batch 
inputs and empty values.

* **Ensures Compatibility:** It dictates the compatibility with different Execution Engine versions to maintain 
stability. For more details, see [versioning](/workflows/versioning/).

### Scaffolding for manifest

To understand how manifests work, let's define one step-by-step. The example block that we build here will be 
calculating images similarity. We start from imports and class scaffolding:

```python
from typing import Literal
from inference.core.workflows.prototypes.block import (
    WorkflowBlockManifest,
)

class ImagesSimilarityManifest(WorkflowBlockManifest):
    type: Literal["my_plugin/images_similarity@v1"] 
    name: str
```

> This is the minimal representation of manifest. It defines two special fields that are important for 
> Compiler and Execution engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the minimal representation of a manifest. It defines two special fields that are important for 
Compiler and Execution engine:
```

Author: 👍

> * `type` - required to parse syntax of Workflows definitions based on dynamic pool of blocks - this is the 
> [`pydantic` type discriminator](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/concepts/unions/#discriminated-unions) that let
> Compiler understand which block manifest is to be verified when parsing specific step in Workflow definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - required to parse syntax of Workflows definitions based on dynamic pool of blocks - this is the 
[`pydantic` type discriminator](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/concepts/unions/#discriminated-unions) that lets the Compiler understand which block manifest is to be verified when parsing specific steps in a Workflow definition
```

Author: 👍

> * `name` - this property will be used to give the step unique name and let other steps selects it via selectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - this property will be used to give the step a unique name and let other steps selects it via selectors
```

Author: 👍

### Adding batch-oriented inputs

We want our step to take two batch-oriented inputs with images to be compared - so effectively
we will be creating SIMD block. 

??? example "Adding batch-oriented inputs"
    
    Let's see how to add definitions of those inputs to manifest: 

>     ```{ .py linenums="1" hl_lines="2 6 7 8 9 17 18 19 20 21 22"}

Reviewer 2: Nice!

Author: supervision espionage pays off 😆

    from typing import Literal, Union
    from pydantic import Field
    from inference.core.workflows.prototypes.block import (
        WorkflowBlockManifest,
    )
    from inference.core.workflows.execution_engine.entities.types import (
        StepOutputImageSelector,
        WorkflowImageSelector,
    )
    
    class ImagesSimilarityManifest(WorkflowBlockManifest):
        type: Literal["my_plugin/images_similarity@v1"] 
        name: str
        # all properties apart from `type` and `name` are treated as either 
        # definitions of batch-oriented data to be processed by block or its 
        # parameters that influence execution of steps created based on block
        image_1: Union[WorkflowImageSelector, StepOutputImageSelector] = Field(
            description="First image to calculate similarity",
        )
        image_2: Union[WorkflowImageSelector, StepOutputImageSelector] = Field(
            description="Second image to calculate similarity",
        )
    ```
    

>     * in the lines `2-9`, we've added a couple of imports ro ensure that we have everything needed

Reviewer 2: `a couple of imports ro ensure` -> `a couple of imports to ensure`

Author: 👍

    the only way to tell about image to be used by step is to provide selector - we have 
    two specialised types in core library that can be used - `WorkflowImageSelector` and `StepOutputImageSelector`.
    If you look deeper into codebase, you will discover those are type aliases - telling `pydantic`
    to expect string matching `$inputs.{name}` and `$steps.{name}.*` patterns respectively, additionally providing 
    extra schema field metadata that tells Workflows ecosystem components that the `kind` of data behind selector is 
    [image](/workflows/kinds/batch_image/).
  
    * denoting `pydantic` `Field(...)` attribute in the last parts of line `17` is optional, yet appreciated, 
    especially for blocks intended to cooperate with Workflows UI 
  
    * starting in line `20`, you can find definition of `image_2` parameter which is very similar to `image_1`.

Such definition of manifest can handle the following step declaration in Workflow definition:

```json
{
  "type": "my_plugin/images_similarity@v1",
  "name": "my_step",
  "image_1": "$inputs.my_image",
  "image_2": "$steps.image_transformation.image"
}
```

> This definition will make Compiler and Execution Engine to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This definition will make the Compiler and Execution Engine:
```

Author: 👍

* select as a step prototype the block which declared manifest with type discriminator being 
`my_plugin/images_similarity@v1`

> * ship into step run method two parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* supply two parameters for the steps run method :
```

Author: 👍

  * `input_1` of type `WorkflowImageData` which will be filled with image submitted as Workflow execution input
  

>   * `imput_2` of type `WorkflowImageData` which will be generated in the runtime, by other step called 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `imput_2` of type `WorkflowImageData` which will be generated at runtime, by another step called 
```

Author: 👍

    kinds

    ```{ .py linenums="1" hl_lines="9 10 25"}
    from typing import Literal, Union
    from pydantic import Field
    from inference.core.workflows.prototypes.block import (
        WorkflowBlockManifest,
    )
    from inference.core.workflows.execution_engine.entities.types import (
        StepOutputImageSelector,
        WorkflowImageSelector,
        StepOutputSelector,
        NUMPY_ARRAY_KIND,
    )
    
    class ImagesSimilarityManifest(WorkflowBlockManifest):
        type: Literal["my_plugin/images_similarity@v1"] 
        name: str
        # all properties apart from `type` and `name` are treated as either 
        # definitions of batch-oriented data to be processed by block or its 
        # parameters that influence execution of steps created based on block
        image_1: Union[WorkflowImageSelector, StepOutputImageSelector] = Field(
            description="First image to calculate similarity",
        )
        image_2: Union[WorkflowImageSelector, StepOutputImageSelector] = Field(
            description="Second image to calculate similarity",
        )
        example: StepOutputSelector(kind=[NUMPY_ARRAY_KIND])
    ```

### Declaring block outputs

> Our manifest is ready regarding properties that can be declared in Workflow definition, 
> but we still need to provide additional information for Execution Engine to successfully 
> run the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our manifest is ready regarding properties that can be declared in Workflow definitions, 
but we still need to provide additional information for the Execution Engine to successfully 
run the block.
```

Author: 👍

            return [
              OutputDefinition(
                name="images_match", 
                kind=[BOOLEAN_KIND],
              )
            ]
    
        @classmethod
        def get_execution_engine_compatibility(cls) -> Optional[str]:
            return ">=1.0.0,<2.0.0"
    ```
    
    * line `1` contains additional imports from `typing`
    
    * line `5` imports class that is used to describe step outputs
  
    * line `13` imports [`boolean`](/workflows/kinds/boolean) `kind` to be used 
    in outputs definitions
  
    * lines `33-44` declare class method to specify outputs from the block - 
    each entry in list declare one return property for each batch element and its `kind`.
    Our block will return boolean flag `images_match` for each pair of images.
  
    * lines `46-48` declare compatibility of the block with Execution Engine -
    see [versioning page](/workflows/versioning/) for more details

As a result of those changes:

* Execution Engine would understand that steps created based on this block 
are supposed to deliver specified outputs and other steps can refer to those outputs
in their inputs

> * blocks loading mechanism will not load the block given that Execution Engine is not in version `v1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the blocks loading mechanism will not load the block given that Execution Engine is not in version `v1`
```

Author: 👍

        type: Literal["my_plugin/images_similarity@v1"] 
        name: str
        image_1: Union[WorkflowImageSelector, StepOutputImageSelector] = Field(
            description="First image to calculate similarity",
        )
        image_2: Union[WorkflowImageSelector, StepOutputImageSelector] = Field(
            description="Second image to calculate similarity",
        )
        similarity_threshold: Union[
            FloatZeroToOne,
            WorkflowParameterSelector(kind=[FLOAT_ZERO_TO_ONE_KIND]),
        ] = Field(
            default=0.4,
            description="Threshold to assume that images are similar",
        )
        outputs: List[str]
        
        @classmethod
        def describe_outputs(cls) -> List[OutputDefinition]:
            return [
              OutputDefinition(
                name="*", 
                kind=[WILDCARD_KIND],
              ),
            ]

        def get_actual_outputs(self) -> List[OutputDefinition]:
            # here you have access to `self`:
            return [
              OutputDefinition(name=e, kind=[BOOLEAN_KIND])
              for e in self.outputs
            ]
    ```

## Definition of block class

> At this stage, manifest of our simple block is ready, we will continue 
> with our example, letting [advanced topics](#advanced-topics) section to
> cover more details that would be just distractions at this stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this stage, the manifest of our simple block is ready, we will continue 
with our example. You can check out the [advanced topics](#advanced-topics) section for more details that would just be a distractions at this stage.
```

Author: 👍

            return [
              OutputDefinition(
                name="images_match", 
                kind=[BOOLEAN_KIND],
              ),
            ]
    
        @classmethod
        def get_execution_engine_compatibility(cls) -> Optional[str]:
            return ">=1.0.0,<2.0.0"
    
        
    class ImagesSimilarityBlock(WorkflowBlock):
      
        @classmethod
        def get_manifest(cls) -> Type[WorkflowBlockManifest]:
            return ImagesSimilarityManifest
    
        def run(
            self,
            image_1: WorkflowImageData,
            image_2: WorkflowImageData,
            similarity_threshold: float,
        ) -> BlockResult:
            pass
    ```

    * lines `1`, `5-6` and `8-9` added changes into import surtucture to 
    provide additional symbols required to properly define block class and all
    of its methods signatures

    * line `59` defines class method `get_manifest(...)` to simply return 
    the manifest class we cretaed earlier

    * lines `62-68` define `run(...)` function, which Execution Engine
    will invoke with data to get desired results

### Providing implementation for block logic

> Let's now add example implementation of `run(...)` method to our block, such that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's now add an example implementation of  the `run(...)` method to our block, such that
```

Author: 👍

it can produce meaningful results.

!!! Note
    

>     Content of this section is supposed to provide example on how to interact 
>     with Workflow ecosystem as block creator, rather than providing robust 
>     implementation of the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Content of this section is supposed to provide examples on how to interact 
    with the Workflow ecosystem as block creator, rather than providing robust 
    implementation of the block.
```

Author: 👍

    is initialised once and live through consecutive invocation of `run(...)` method - for 
    instance when Execution Engine runs on consecutive frames of video

    * lines `70-81` provide implementation of block functionality - the details are trully not
    important regarding Workflows ecosystem, but there are few details you should focus:
    
        * lines `70` and `71` make use of `WorkflowImageData` abstraction, showcasing how 
        `numpy_image` property can be used to get `np.ndarray` from internal representation of images
        in Workflows. We advise to expole remaining properties of `WorkflowImageData` to discover more.

        * result of workflow block execution, declared in lines `79-81` is in our case just a dictionary 
        **with the keys being the names of outputs declared in manifest**, in line `44`. Be sure to provide all
        declared outputs - otherwise Execution Engine will raise error.
        
You may ask yourself how it is possible that implemented block accepts batch-oriented workflow input, but do not 
operate on batches directly. This is due to the fact that the default block behaviour is to run one-by-one against

> all elements of input batches. We will show how to change that in [advanced topics](#advanced-topics) section.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this would be the right place, but would be good to bring into user's attention that if `__init__` introduces batch-speciffic state then user probably want to handle batching manually (i.e. we would initialize separate trackers for each element of batch)

Author: yes, that's a good idea

Author: 👍

## Exposing block in `plugin`

Now, your block is ready to be used, but if you declared step using it in your Workflow definition you 
would see an error. This is because no plugin exports the block you just created. Details of blocks bundling 
will be covered in [separate page](/workflows/blocks_bundling/), but the remaining thing to do is to 

> add block class into list returned from your plugind `load_blocks(...)` function:

Reviewer 2: `plugind` -> `plugins'`?

Author: 👍

    to process batches

    * changes introduced above made the signature of `run(...)` method to change, now `image_1` and `image_2`
    are not instances of `WorkflowImageData`, but rather batches of elements of this type

    * lines `75-78`, `86-87` present changes that needed to be introduced to run processing across all batch 
    elements - showcasing how to iterate over batch elements if needed

    * it is important to note how outputs are constructed in line `86` - each element of batch will be given
    its entry in the list which is returned from `run(...)` method. Order must be aligned with order of batch 
    elements. Each output dictionary must provide all keys declared in block outputs.

### Implementation of flow-control block

Flow-control blocks differs quite substantially from other blocks that just process the data. Here we will show 
how to create a flow control block, but first - a little bit of theory:

* flow-control block is the block that declares compatibility with step selectors in their manifest (selector to step
is defined as `$steps.{step_name}` - similar to step output selector, but without specification of output name)

> * flow-control blocks cannot register outputs, they are meant tu return `FlowControl` objects

Reviewer 2: `tu` -> `to`

Author: 👍

> * flow-control blocks cannot register outputs, they are meant tu return `FlowControl` objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* flow-control blocks cannot register outputs, they are meant to return `FlowControl` objects
```

Author: 👍

        probability: float
        next_steps: List[StepSelector] = Field(
            description="Reference to step which shall be executed if expression evaluates to true",
            examples=[["$steps.on_true"]],
        )
    
        @classmethod
        def describe_outputs(cls) -> List[OutputDefinition]:
            return []
    
        @classmethod
        def get_execution_engine_compatibility(cls) -> Optional[str]:
            return ">=1.0.0,<2.0.0"
    
    
    class RandomContinueBlockV1(WorkflowBlock):
    
        @classmethod
        def get_manifest(cls) -> Type[WorkflowBlockManifest]:
            return BlockManifest
    
        def run(
            self,
            image: WorkflowImageData,
            probability: float,
            next_steps: List[str],
        ) -> BlockResult:
            if not next_steps or random.random() > probability:
                return FlowControl()
            return FlowControl(context=next_steps)
    ```

    * line `10` imports type annotation for step selector which will be used to 
    notify Execution Engine that the block controls the flow

>     * line `14` imports `FlowControl` class which is the only viabe response from

Reviewer 2: `viabe` -> `viable`

Author: 👍

        type: Literal["my_plugin/random_continue@v1"]
        name: str
        probability: float
        next_steps: List[StepSelector] = Field(
            description="Reference to step which shall be executed if expression evaluates to true",
            examples=[["$steps.on_true"]],
        )
    
        @classmethod
        def describe_outputs(cls) -> List[OutputDefinition]:
            return []
    
        @classmethod
        def get_execution_engine_compatibility(cls) -> Optional[str]:
            return ">=1.0.0,<2.0.0"
    
    
    class RandomContinueBlockV1(WorkflowBlock):
    
        @classmethod
        def get_manifest(cls) -> Type[WorkflowBlockManifest]:
            return BlockManifest
    
        def run(
            self,
            probability: float,
            next_steps: List[str],
        ) -> BlockResult:
            if not next_steps or random.random() > probability:
                return FlowControl()
            return FlowControl(context=next_steps)
    ```

    * line `9` imports type annotation for step selector which will be used to 
    notify Execution Engine that the block controls the flow

>     * line `11` imports `FlowControl` class which is the only viabe response from

Reviewer 2: `viabe` -> `viable`

Author: 👍

    flow-control block

    * lines `24-27` defines list of step selectors **which effectively turns the block into flow-control one**

    * lines `50` and `51` show how to construct output - `FlowControl` object accept context being `None`, `string` or 
    `list of strings` - `None` represent flow termination for the batch element, strings are expected to be selectors 
    for next steps, passed in input.

### Nested selectors

Some block will require list of selectors or dictionary of selectors to be 

> provided in block manifest field. Version `v1` of Execution Engine do only support 

Reviewer 2: `do only support` -> `supports only`

Author: 👍

            return BlockManifest
    
        def run(
            self,
            predictions: List[sv.Detections],
        ) -> BlockResult:
            merged = sv.Detections.merge(predictions)
            return {"predictions": merged}
    ```

    * lines `23-26` depict how to define manifest field capable of accepting 
    list of selectors

    * line `50` shows what to expect as input to block's `run(...)` method - 
    list of objects which are representation of specific kind. If the block accepted 
    batches, the input type of `predictions` field would be `List[Batch[sv.Detections]`

Such block is compatible with the following step declaration:

```{ .json linenums="1" hl_lines="4-7"}
{
  "type": "my_plugin/fusion_of_predictions@v1",
  "name": "my_step",
  "predictions": [
    "$steps.model_1.predictions",
    "$steps.model_2.predictions"  
  ]
}
```

#### Block with data transformations allowing dynamic parameters

Occasionally, blocks may need to accept group of "named" selectors, 
which names and values are to be defined by creator of Workflow definition. 
In such cases, block manifest shall accept dictionary of selectors, where

> keys serves as names for those selectors.

Reviewer 2: `keys serves` -> `keys serve`

Author: 👍

    "b": "$inputs.my_parameter"  
  }
}
```

Practical implications will be the following:

* under `data["a"]` inside `run(...)` you will be able to find model's predictions - 
like `sv.Detections` if `model_1` is object-detection model

* under `data["b"]` inside `run(...)`, you will find value of input parameter named `my_parameter`

### Inputs and output dimensionality vs `run(...)` method

The dimensionality of block inputs plays a crucial role in shaping the `run(...)` method’s signature, and that's 
why the system enforces strict bounds on the differences in dimensionality levels between inputs 
(with the maximum allowed difference being `1`). This restriction is critical for ensuring consistency and 
predictability when writing blocks.

If dimensionality differences weren't controlled, it would be difficult to predict the structure of 
the `run(...)` method, making development harder and less reliable. That’s why validation of this property 
is strictly enforced during the Workflow compilation process.

Similarly, the output dimensionality also affects the method signature and the format of the expected output. 
The ecosystem supports the following scenarios:

> * all inputs have **the same dimensionality** and output **do not change** dimensionality - baseline case

Reviewer 2: `and output **do not change** dimensionality`

either:
`and outputs **do not change** dimensionality`
or
`and output **does not change** dimensionality`

Author: 👍

* all inputs have **the same dimensionality** and output **decreases** dimensionality

> * all inputs have **the same dimensionality** and output **decreases** increases

Reviewer 2: `and output **decreases** increases`

probably:

`and output **increases** dimensionality `

Author: 👍

                return ">=1.0.0,<2.0.0"

        class DynamicCropBlockV1(WorkflowBlock):

            @classmethod
            def get_manifest(cls) -> Type[WorkflowBlockManifest]:
                return BlockManifest
            
            def run(
                self,
                image: WorkflowImageData,
                predictions: sv.Detections,
            ) -> BlockResult:
                crops = []
                for (x_min, y_min, x_max, y_max) in predictions.xyxy.round().astype(dtype=int):
                    cropped_image = image.numpy_image[y_min:y_max, x_min:x_max]
                    parent_metadata = ImageParentMetadata(parent_id=f"{uuid4()}")
                    if cropped_image.size:
                        result = WorkflowImageData(
                            parent_metadata=parent_metadata,
                            numpy_image=cropped_image,
                        )
                    else:
                        result = None
                    crops.append({"crops": result})
                return crops
        ```

        * in lines `30-32` manifest class declares output dimensionality 

>         offset - value `1` should be understand as adding `1` to dimensionality level

Reviewer 2: `should be understand as` -> `should be understood as`

Author: 👍

            @classmethod
            def describe_outputs(cls) -> List[OutputDefinition]:
                return [
                    OutputDefinition(name="visualisations", kind=[BATCH_OF_IMAGES_KIND]),
                ]
        
        
        class TileDetectionsBlock(WorkflowBlock):
        
            @classmethod
            def get_manifest(cls) -> Type[WorkflowBlockManifest]:
                return BlockManifest
        
            def run(
                self,
                crops: Batch[WorkflowImageData],
                crops_predictions: Batch[sv.Detections],
            ) -> BlockResult:
                annotator = sv.BoundingBoxAnnotator()
                visualisations = []
                for image, prediction in zip(crops, crops_predictions):
                    annotated_image = annotator.annotate(
                        image.numpy_image.copy(),
                        prediction,
                    )
                    visualisations.append(annotated_image)
                tile = sv.create_tiles(visualisations)
                return {"visualisations": tile}
        ```

        * in lines `31-33` manifest class declares output dimensionality 

>         offset - value `-1` should be understand as decreasing dimensionality level by `1`

Reviewer 2: `should be understand` -> `should be understood`

Author: 👍

                self,
                image: WorkflowImageData,
                image_predictions: Batch[sv.Detections],
            ) -> BlockResult:
                image_predictions = [deepcopy(p) for p in image_predictions if len(p)]
                for p in image_predictions:
                    coords = p["parent_coordinates"][0]
                    p.xyxy += np.concatenate((coords, coords))
                return {"predictions": sv.Detections.merge(image_predictions)}

        ```

        * in lines `32-37` manifest class declares input dimensionalities offset, indicating
        `image` parameter being top-level and `image_predictions` being nested batch of predictions

        * whenever different input dimensionalities are declared, dimensionality reference property
        must be pointed (see lines `39-41`) - this dimensionality level would be used to calculate 
        output dimensionality - in this particular case, we specify `image`. This choice 
        has an implication in the expected format of result - in the chosen scenario we are supposed
        to return single dictionary with all registered outputs keys. If our choice is `image_predictions`,

>         we would return list of dictionaries (of size equal to length of `image_predictions` batch). In other worlds,

Reviewer 2: `In other worlds` -> `In other words`

                self,
                image: Batch[WorkflowImageData],
                predictions: Batch[sv.Detections],
            ) -> BlockResult:
                results = []
                for single_image, detections in zip(image, predictions):
                    crops = []
                    for (x_min, y_min, x_max, y_max) in detections.xyxy.round().astype(dtype=int):
                        cropped_image = single_image.numpy_image[y_min:y_max, x_min:x_max]
                        parent_metadata = ImageParentMetadata(parent_id=f"{uuid4()}")
                        if cropped_image.size:
                            result = WorkflowImageData(
                                parent_metadata=parent_metadata,
                                numpy_image=cropped_image,
                            )
                        else:
                            result = None
                        crops.append({"crops": result})
                    results.append(crops)
                return results
        ```
      
        * in lines `31-33` manifest declares that block accepts batches of inputs

        * in lines `35-37` manifest class declares output dimensionality 

>         offset - value `1` should be understand as adding `1` to dimensionality level

Reviewer 2: `should be understand` -> `should be understood`

Author: 👍

        
        * in lines `57-68`, signature of input parameters reflects that the `run(...)` method
        runs against inputs of the same dimensionality and those inputs are provided in batches

        * point out, that in line `72`, block eliminates empty images from further processing but 
        placing `None` instead of dictionatry with outputs. This would utilise the same 
        Execution Engine behaviour that is used for conditional execution - datapoint will
        be eliminated from downstream processing (unless steps requesting empty inputs 
        are present down the line).

        * construction of the output, presented in lines `73-75` indicates two levels of nesting.
        First of all, block operates on batches, so it is expected to return list of outputs, one 

>         output for each input batch element. Addiotionally, this output element for each input batch 

Reviewer 2: `Addiotionally` -> `Additionally`

Author: 👍

        element turns out to be nested batch - hence for each input iage and prediction, block 
        generates list of outputs - elements of that list are dictionaries providing values 
        for each declared output.

    === "output dimensionality decrease"
      

>         In this example, the block visualises crops predictions and create tiles

Reviewer 2: `create` -> `creates`

                return BlockManifest
        
            def run(
                self,
                images_crops: Batch[Batch[WorkflowImageData]],
                crops_predictions: Batch[Batch[sv.Detections]],
            ) -> BlockResult:
                annotator = sv.BoundingBoxAnnotator()
                visualisations = []
                for image_crops, crop_predictions in zip(images_crops, crops_predictions):
                    visualisations_batch_element = []
                    for image, prediction in zip(image_crops, crop_predictions):
                        annotated_image = annotator.annotate(
                            image.numpy_image.copy(),
                            prediction,
                        )
                        visualisations_batch_element.append(annotated_image)
                    tile = sv.create_tiles(visualisations_batch_element)
                    visualisations.append({"visualisations": tile})
                return visualisations
        ```
        
        * lines `31-33` manifest that block is expected to take batches as input

        * in lines `35-37` manifest class declares output dimensionality 

>         offset - value `-1` should be understand as decreasing dimensionality level by `1`

Reviewer 2: `should be understand` -> `should be understood`

Author: 👍

        * in lines `54-55` you can see the impact of output dimensionality decrease
        and batch processing on the method signature. First "layer" of `Batch[]` is a side effect of the 
        fact that manifest declared that block accepts batches of inputs. The second "layer" comes 
        from output dimensionality decrease. Execution Engine wrapps up the dimension to be reduced into 
        additional `Batch[]` container porvided in inputs, such that programmer is able to collect all nested
        batches elements that belong to specific top-level batch element.

        * lines `68-69` illustrate how output is constructed - for each top-level batch element, block

>         aggregates all crops and predictions and create a single tile. As block accepts batches of inputs,

Reviewer 2: `create` -> `creates`

Author: 👍

        Batch,
        OutputDefinition,
    )
    from inference.core.workflows.execution_engine.entities.types import StepOutputSelector
    from inference.core.workflows.prototypes.block import (
        BlockResult,
        WorkflowBlock,
        WorkflowBlockManifest,
    )

    class BlockManifest(WorkflowBlockManifest):
        type: Literal["my_plugin/example@v1"]
        data: List[StepOutputSelector()]
    
        @classmethod
        def describe_outputs(cls) -> List[OutputDefinition]:
            return [OutputDefinition(name="output")]
    
        @classmethod
        def get_execution_engine_compatibility(cls) -> Optional[str]:
            return ">=1.0.0,<2.0.0"
    
    
    class ExampleBlock(WorkflowBlock):
      
        def __init__(my_parameter: int):
            self._my_parameter = my_parameter

        @classmethod
        def get_init_parameters(cls) -> List[str]:
            return ["my_parameter"]
        
        @classmethod
        def get_manifest(cls) -> Type[WorkflowBlockManifest]:
            return BlockManifest
    
        def run(
            self,
            data: Batch[Any],
        ) -> BlockResult:
            pass
    ```

>     * lines `30-31` declare class constructor which is not parameter-freee

Reviewer 2: `parameter-freee` -> `parameter-free`

Author: 👍
